1. have you ever experienced this before you want to say something in your non-native language but you always feel like you need to translate it first from your native language to non-native language.
2. and if you want to become fluent in language you need to think in your non-native language if you're struggling in your target language this video is for you.
3. hi guys it's me today we're going to talk about how to create a second brain in your target language and stop translating all the time in your head.
4. before talking about the tips and tricks let me explain my definition of fluency because fluency can really differ according to your goals.
5. for example let's say if you're learning language in order to pass a certain exam then your language goal should be more focused on learning than maybe grammar or like some exams require essays listening practices reading practices or I don't know interview practices maybe about those type of things.
6. or if you're learning a language for business purposes rather than focusing on daily conversations maybe it's more important to focus on business terms in your Niche.
7. or if your focuses is to socialize with people from different countries and use daily conversation then it's better to focus on daily conversation vocabularies and like terms.
8. so for me the main reason to learn languages is being able to communicate with people.
9. if I'm saying something and if you're understanding it for me personally grammar mistakes or using really difficulties are not that important.
10. so according to my goal of being able to have a smooth day conversation and measure my fluency according to the level of my secondary linguistic personality what do I mean by secondary linguistic personality.
11. what do I mean by secondary lingualistic personality?
12. have you ever experienced this when you switch languages your personality slightly or maybe not even slightly like major changes in your personality can occur.
13. for example in my case for example in my case I'm much funnier in Japanese more logical and also a bit shy and distant in German.
14. and also according to my really close friend I'm more sarcastic and friendly and Turkish but more confident and business woman wipes in English.
15. so if your personality changes when you switch the languages that is the real fluency.
16. because in order to secondary linguistic characteristics to develop you need to experience the culture interact with Natives.
17. and see how they use their gestures how they think you know you need to understand their values because languages have really close relationship with the culture.
18. so if you learn a language you don't only learn about the vocalories in grammar rules you learn about the culture the way they think and the value system of that language.
19. so when I'm learning a language my ultimate's goal is not being taken as a foreigner when I'm talking in that language.
20. and also if you think languages are only about the accent or about the vocalories like how difficult vocabulary you use and your primary rules you're completely wrong.
21. the gestures the way you understand the culture and the way you actually think really proves what are you know that language very well or not.
22. when we learn a new language we learn actually a new way of thinking new values and almost like the way you look to the world changes actually.
23. when I learn German I realize really different ways of thinking from the way that Germans structure their sentences because it sounds so different from the other languages that I knew.
24. I don't know it just like giving me a some sort of a new way of thinking it's more logical and for structured and it's more like it has more rules.
25. but I really love it so why developing a secondary lingualistic personality is important?
26. so these examples are just my opinions so take them as a grain of salt but a thing to have better and smoother communication.
27. let's say you're learning Japanese if you ignored the whole Japanese culture about like you know for example cago the way we show respect when we are talking.
28. so let's say if you ignore this cago and like respecting the older person culture even though if you're talking like perfect Japanese.
29. if you don't understand this culture you might sound grammatically correct but it might be a bit disrespectful.
30. so in order to avoid this miscommunications and misunderstandings I think developing a secondary lingolithic personality is very important.
31. and also the second reason is to be confident in that language because if you realize that your personality that your whole personality is changing in that language.
32. how cool it is right because it shows your dedication and the amount of the work you put in.
33. third reason is to have better understanding of people from that language.
34. If you're developing a second dilingualistic personality it means that you have a good understanding of that culture.
35. so even if you can understand somebody like what they're saying you don't understand what is behind of that what type of culture is that you might think that they're rude or disrespectful but maybe in that culture is not disrespectful.
36. it is respectful and disrespectful really depends on the culture and on the value system so understanding these will love you to avoid miscommunication and misunderstanding.
37. okay so one of the tips I can give you is that don't translate everything.
38. in the beginning of course it is important to know the meaning of the vocabulary in your native language because otherwise how can you know. right?
39. and also translation allows you to have a quicker understanding of that vocabulary so in the beginning it will actually save you quite a lot of time to translate some words.
40. even if you want to translate in your head don't abandon translating or using a translator all together.
41. it's all about how you use them and how much you use them because it's a beginner it's one of the fastest ways to learn a language is to look up to translation and memorize it.
42. but as you progress you will need to translate words less and less.
43. so just trust the process so how we can decide what to translate and what's not to.
44. what I was doing when I was learning German and also English was that set of translating word by word.
45. Firstly, tried to guess the meaning of the vocabulary from the context of the sentence.
46. doesn't some situations when you read the whole sentence you can kind of like guess the meaning of the calvary but you might not be sure?
47. and after guessing it you can check on the translator whether it's true or not in that way you can associate words with the sentences and you can also clearly see how they're used.
48. and also like from your guesses I think it's much easier to memorize because let's say something really different than you guess.
49. it's much easier to memorize you're getting a bit comfortable in that language like you don't need to look every word word by word in order to understand sentences.